[tense. mysterious music playing]
All demon hunters have to take an oath.
I swear to protect
the world from monsters.
no matter how big.
or gross. or scary they are.
I swear to protect--
Shh!
I think there's a demon outside.
[snarls]
[shrieking]
Mary. did you like the movie?
It was okay. Not enough shooting.
I told you not to let her watch
any more of those shoot-'em-ups.
I just can't help giving my only daughter
everything she desires.
[ominous music playing]
John. that man is staring at us.
I know. Walk faster.
[music intensifies]
Mary!
I swear to protect the world
from monsters.
Mary!
[demon snarling]
[train horn blaring]
[Mary's mother whimpers]
[officer] "A giant monster
with a face that opens in three pieces."
Ha. Sure. buddy.
I'll get the sketch artist right on it.
[officers laughing]
[officer] Oh. yeah.
[sighs]
[tense. plaintive music playing]
[loud clattering]
[Mary's mother] I spoke to the college.
You haven't been to work in weeks.
[John] This is my work.
Don't you understand
that what we saw means my research.
my theories about the other realm.
were right?
Your daughter never sees you anymore!
I never see you!
It's you that I'm doing this for.
There are monsters breaching our world.
and the authorities
can be relied on for nothing.
I need to find a way to give myself power.
Real power.
So that I can protect this family.
Like you protected us in the subway?
John? John. I didn't mean that.
It doesn't matter what you think of me.
All that matters is the strength
to defeat the darkness that threatens us.
Without that.
we have nothing.
[music trails off]
["Rollin' (Air Raid Vehicle)"
by Limp Bizkit playing]
♪ Throw your hands up ♪
♪ Your... your... your hands up ♪
♪ Throw your hands up
Throw your hands up ♪
♪ Move in. now move out
Hands up. now hands down ♪
♪ Back up. back up
Tell me what you're gonna do now ♪
♪ Breathe in. now breathe out
Hands up. now hands down ♪
♪ Back up. back up
Tell me what you're gonna do now ♪
♪ Keep rollin'. rollin'
Rollin'. rollin' ♪
♪ Hey. ladies. hey. fellas ♪
♪ And the people that don't give a **** ♪
♪ All the lovers. all the haters ♪
♪ And all the people
That call themselves players ♪
♪ Hot mommas. pimp daddies ♪
♪ And the people rollin' up in Caddies ♪
♪ Hey. rockers. hip-hoppers ♪
♪ And everybody all around the world ♪
♪ Move in. now move out
Hands up. now hands down ♪
♪ Back up. back up
Tell me what you're gonna do now ♪
♪ Breathe in. now breathe out
Hands up. now hands down ♪
♪ Back up. back up
Tell me what you're gonna do now ♪
♪ Keep rollin'
Rollin'. rollin'. rollin' ♪
♪ Keep rollin'. rollin'
Rollin'. rollin' ♪
[song trails off]
Yo. lady! Not to be a backseat driver.
but I'm pretty sure this violates
the Geneva Convention or something.
[Mary] The Geneva Convention
only applies to humans.
I'm a human!
In your case.
I think the UN will understand.
This has got to be
the second-worst job you ever gave me.
Oh. you mean after the Raccoon City job?
- Third-worst.
- Hmm.
[Patriot] Patriot for Arkham.
How're you liking
those new toys. Lieutenant?
[guns trill. hum]
Useful.
Although it would have been more useful
if you gave me this shit
before the mission.
They're just a prototype
Goldstein whipped up in the lab.
Not approved for field use yet.
Uh. I got her other prototype
ready for you to test sometime too.
[Mary] Can't wait.
Sentry. King. what's your status?
[Sentry] All good here.
- We're being the best decoys we can be.
- [King] Good here too.
Although I'm worried the doc's head
might explode from excitement.
The transmitter works
precisely as I theorized. of course.
It emits one half of
a quantum interference pattern.
The rest of the pattern
comes from the amulet's other piece.
So. if that thing is needed to destroy
the wall between us and the Demon Realm.
how about we smash it right now?
No!
Absolutely no smashing it!
The amulet's signal is actively
maintaining the quantum wall.
The natural state of the two realms
is to be joined.
If we destroy the transmitter.
we don't know what would happen
to the stability of either universe.
Not to mention
what we stand to gain from studying it.
The potential applications
in quantum computing alone...
Okay. okay. just asking.
Uh. guys. let's get back to base
in one piece
before we talk about
possibly destabilizing any universes.
[Dante straining]
[buckle twinkling]
I've been in tough spots like this before.
The trick is not to buckle
under the pressure.
Hmm? Just give it up. Dante.
It's over!
Sure. they have their boots on our necks.
but we need to buckle down.
and think positive.
Uh...
Ow!
What the...
- [buckle twinkles]
- Oh.
- [agent] How are the prisoners?
- A little too fucking comfortable.
[machinery hums]
[both yelp]
[Anders yelping]
[Dante yelping]
What was that for?
Whoa! You gotta give me a warning
before you set off a flamethrower.
[Dante grunts]
If you. uh. don't mind. Lieutenant.
So. do the fire jets
come standard on this model or...
I've been in the market
for a flamethrower myself.
Custom anti-demon upgrade.
If the Hellblood somehow gets past those.
there's always the nano-explosive
I injected him with.
that's programmed to activate
if he gets outside of a one-mile radius.
Even that thing
should have trouble healing
from a bomb going off in its fucking neck.
Damn! Yo. I'd hate to see
what you did to a full demon.
Not to question your methods. At all.
Don't tell me you have
a weak stomach. Anders.
I'd have thought
you'd be rock hard for revenge
after what the White Rabbit
did to your team.
I... I'm just trying to make it home.
You know?
Hmm.
That's... unexpected.
Something wrong?
Not necessarily. It appears the pattern
coming from the transmitter is changing.
Modulating itself for some reason.
- You sure they cleared you for action?
- [haltingly] Oh. yeah.
I'm good. Lieutenant. Solid. A-1.
Lieutenant Arkham. this is Baines.
Report in.
We're rolling smoothly. sir.
Should be home in under an hour.
Good. With the fate
of Heaven and Earth at stake.
there's no one else I would count on.
- Patch me through to the prisoner.
- Sir?
I want to speak with him. He interests me.
- Dante.
- [Dante yelps]
This is Vice President William Baines.
The Vice President?
You mean. like. from TV?
Boy. am I starting to regret
voting for this guy.
I saw the footage
from the raid on your apartment.
Your abilities are truly
a remarkable gift.
Lieutenant Arkham tells me
you're part demon.
[Dante] She's wrong.
Yeah. I've got abilities.
Maybe not exactly human ones. but they're...
I don't know.
some sort of superhero mutations.
Look. there's no part of me that's demon.
There can't be.
[Baines] Your mother and your brother.
they were both killed by demons.
is that right?
Yes.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. We all have
dead families and traumatic childhoods.
What? You think I talked?
[laughing]
Okay. I talked.
but you should have seen
what they did to me!
[Baines] What about your father. Dante?
Couldn't tell you. I never met him.
I see.
There is demon blood in you.
that much is certain.
You were born with
a black stain on your soul.
But none of us are beyond God's light.
He may still see fit
to cleanse that stain.
should you prove yourself worthy of it.
Sir. with all due respect.
you're wasting your time.
It doesn't matter how much
of the demon's blood is unholy.
Any is enough to make it a demon.
Your passion is your strength. Mary.
But don't allow it to blind you.
Winning this war will take more
than anything human can provide.
You've seen Dante's raw power.
Imagine what that type of asset could do.
if used correctly.
You want to use this thing?
Has the president approved that?
All the president cares about
is maintaining his image.
I set the policies.
I bring the donors.
He approves what I tell him to.
The Lord would not have sent us such
a powerful instrument to enact his will.
if he did not intend for us to use it.
[officer blows whistle]
Road's closed.
Looks like we're taking a detour.
[gasps]
[blows whistle]
I'll go check it out.
That's it.
That's what's causing the modulation.
The signal adjusts in response
to the other transmitter's
geospatial location
to keep the overall pattern in sync.
So the other amulet piece must be...
[computer beeping]
...getting closer.
We stopped!
This is our shot!
Hurry up with that thing!
[Dante] It's almost...
[Mary] I figured you out. Hellblood.
Do you really think this whole
jabbering moron act was going to work?
Uh. maybe. What act are you talking about?
[Mary] The one where you
don't know you're a demon?
You just happen to be walking around
with half the key to fucking Hell
on your neck?
The key to Hell?
[chuckles] Whoa. whoa. whoa.
I think you've all got
the wrong necklace. Seriously.
It's just some old family heirloom
my mom gave me.
[beeping rapidly]
[all grunting]
What happened?
- [car horns blaring]
- [passersby clamoring]
Whoever is left. protect the amulet.
That's an order.
Protect it with your lives.
We've got nothing.
Did anyone else make it?
We're clear.
But there's no way to get to you.
[Mary coughing]
Are you okay?
[groans] I think...
my leg's stuck.
- Not anymore.
- Fuck!
What is this? Are we getting rescued?
Can you think of anyone
who'd want to rescue either one of us?
We ain't getting rescued!
[uneasy music playing]
Give it to me. I can protect it.
It's the Rabbit!
Does anyone have eyes on it?
I have this area secure.
[menacing voice] Do you now?
Somehow. I truly doubt that.
[forceful. dramatic rock music playing]
Hey. demons! Big mistake!
My boy Dante here
is going to whoop all your asses!
What are you doing? [sputtering]
Just one second!
So. you want to surrender individually.
or all at once?
End her.
[White Rabbit] A sincere "thank you"
to you all and the government
of these United States of the Earth realm
for picking up
the rest of my amulet for me!
[thump]
God bless America!
[tauntingly] Hmm. Hmm.
Oh. shit! Our bullets don't affect him!
[Sentry] His DNA is different!
A new evolution!
King!
[somber choral music playing]
What happened? Get them back!
Get them back!
[agent] Sir.
Air Force Two is on the runway.
We need to get you
to a secure location right now. sir.
[distressing music playing]
Wow! And by my own brother!
What? It's not my fault
you just stood there!
Get your shit together!
What use are any of us to the cause
if we can't kill one little girl?
[shapeshifter] I don't know.
Looks like she pruned you pretty good.
None of this would be necessary if you'd
got the amulet when you were supposed to.
And your rogue attempt
to fix it nearly exposed us.
We will watch your blood drain
for our leader.
Where is your leader?
[White Rabbit] Hello. Anders.
I see my improvements
to your face are settling in nicely.
No! No! What are you doing?
I had to! He got to my daughters.
And now he's going to destroy
the whole world!
You've condemned us all!
What good is saving the world
if I can't save my own family?
[energy crackling]
[White Rabbit bellowing]
Fuck was that?
The amulet.
He did it.
[distressing choral music intensifies]
[Dante straining]
You have the amulet and the sword.
transmitter and decoder.
Why... Why aren't you using them?
Why not open the rift. here and now?
[sighs dramatically]
Shame. I really had
higher hopes for you. Doctor.
You're still missing a piece.
It needs some kind of...
Uh... Uh...
Decryption key.
There it is.
That sharp mind I've heard about.
Sadly limited by its service
to your master's profits.
You're going to thank me
when the wall comes down.
Then you'll see
what true freedom looks like.
[blade rasps]
[Anders yelping]
Let's make this convincing.
Not again!
[Anders wails]
[White Rabbit hums jauntily]
[wheezes hoarsely]
[grunts. pants]
No one said
the apocalypse would come easy.
[Dr. Fisher] Hey. Rabbit!
Hop your way out of this!
[muffled explosion]
See? Told you there was a rabbit!
Hey. don't his necklace
look kind of like your necklace.
but with the other half of it?
[Dante straining]
- [beeping]
- [Dante gasps]
Whoa! I... I'm stronger than I thought.
[tense industrial music playing]
[children cheering]
That's my boy! [laughs]
Ta-ta! Have to run.
[winged demon] We go now.
Bloody hell.
Just when I was about to kill her.
Just when you were about to kill her?
Just when I was about to kill her!
[engine revs]
I'll get it back. Mom. I promise.
["Last Resort" by Papa Roach playing]
♪ Cut my life into pieces
This is my last resort ♪
He's here.
♪ Suffocation. no breathing
Don't give a fuck... ♪
You have your orders.
♪ This is my last resort ♪
[rowdy rap metal music playing]
All right. now I'm pissed.
♪ Suffocation. no breathing ♪
♪ Don't give a fuck
If I cut my arm bleeding ♪
♪ Do you even care if I die bleeding? ♪
♪ Would it be wrong. would it be right
If I took my life tonight? ♪
♪ Chances are that I might ♪
♪ Mutilation out of sight ♪
♪ And I'm contemplatin' suicide ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm losin' my sight
Losin' my mind ♪
♪ Wish somebody would tell me I'm fine ♪
♪ Losin' my sight. losin' my mind ♪
[brakes screech]
♪ I never realized I was spread too thin ♪
Nice one. bro!
♪ Till it was too late
And I was empty within ♪
♪ Feeding on chaos and living in sin ♪
♪ Downward spiral. where do I begin? ♪
♪ It all started when I lost my mother ♪
♪ No love for myself
And no love for another ♪
♪ To find a love upon a higher level ♪
♪ Finding nothing but
Questions and devils ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm losing my sight
Losing my mind ♪
♪ Wish somebody would tell me I'm fine ♪
♪ Losing my sight. losing my mind ♪
♪ Wish somebody would tell me I'm... ♪
Damn. he's cool.
[engine revs]
[impatiently] Come on!
Come on. come on. come on.
You can do it.
I believe in you.
Hey. while I've got you here.
what's it like being a demon?
Do you have to be evil?
Like. if someone was only part demon.
if maybe their dad was possibly one.
but their mom was a human.
you think they'd get a choice. right?
Thanks for the talk!
You're a great listener!
♪ Cut my life into pieces ♪
That's it. Let it out.
Let it out!
♪ Suffocation. no breathing ♪
♪ Don't give a fuck
If I cut my arm bleeding ♪
[Mary] You two all right?
Yeah. only until that killer Beanie Baby
decides to end the world.
I'm working on that.
You put a tracking device on the amulet?
Just in case.
What is it?
How far away are they?
Almost a mile. That means...
[energy crackling]
♪ Can't go on ♪
♪ Living this way ♪
♪ Nothing's all ♪
Jackpot!
[epic symphonic metal music building]
♪ Right ♪
[high-pitched beeping]
[song halts]
[White Rabbit sighs]
- [Dante gurgles]
- [White Rabbit hums jauntily]
[White Rabbit laughs]
[sighs] Mmm? Mmm.
It seems I still need to push you harder.
son of Sparda.
[eerie. distressing music playing]
[shapeshifter gurgles. trills]
It's your lucky day.
See. my power works
off of quantum mirroring.
I can only take on a new body
if I'm copying
a form made of living tissue.
which means I need to keep you alive.
One of you.
["Devils Never Cry" plays]
♪ Bless me ♪
♪ With the leaf off of the tree ♪
♪ On it. I see ♪
♪ The freedom reign ♪
♪ We are falling ♪
♪ The light is calling ♪
♪ Tears inside me ♪
♪ Calm me down ♪
♪ Midnight calling ♪
♪ Mist of resolving ♪
♪ Crown me ♪
♪ With the pure. green leaf ♪
♪ Praise to my father ♪
♪ Blessed by the water ♪
♪ Black light. dark sky ♪
IN MEMORY OF KEVIN CONROY
(1955-2022)
♪ The devil's cry ♪